[HELICOPTER]
[ARTILLERY EXPLOSIONS]
Man: STAND BY,
SERGEANT.
THE TARGET SHOULD BE
COMING INTO SIGHT.
TARGET'S IN SIGHT.
TAKE HIM OUT.
IT'S A KID,
LIEUTENANT.
WE HAVE OUR ORDERS,
SERGEANT.
CAN'T BE MORE
THAN 10 YEARS OLD.
I DON'T CARE
ABOUT HIS AGE.
TAKE HIM OUT!
I CAN'T.
GODDAMN IT, SERGEANT,
WE HAVE OUR ORDERS HERE!
FIRE! NOW! NOW!
OBEY MY FUCKING ORDER!
[GUNSHOT]
Man: GO! GO! GO!
UH!
GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME!
GET OFF!
YOU'RE OUT
OF HERE!
YO, MAN, THESE CUFFS
ARE A LITTLE TIGHT.
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN LOOSEN
THEM UP A LITTLE BIT?
NO.
YEAH, WELL, MY BALLS
ARE ITCHING REAL BAD.
HOW ABOUT YOU
LEND ME A HAND?
CAREFUL, CONVICT.
I GOT ORDERS
TO SHOOT TO KILL.
ME OR YOURSELF?
PRISONER TRANSPORT,
SOUTH GATE.
TRANSFER
TO DEATH ROW.
Guard: HEY, CONVICT,
IS IT TRUE YOU WON
A NAVY CROSS?
YEAH.
SO WHAT DID
A PIECE OF SHIT
LIKE YOU DO SO BRAVE
TO DESERVE A MEDAL?
I FUCKED
YOUR SISTER.
HA HA HA!
WHAT ARE YOU
LAUGHING AT?
I SEEN
YOUR SISTER.
HEY, FUCK YOU!
FUCK YOU, TOO!
MY NAME IS
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
GRANT CASEY.
I'M WITH COVERT OPS.
MR. DUNN,
YOU WERE CONVICTED
OF KILLING
A SUPERIOR
OFFICER...
MARCH 13, 1991.
IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE.
SENTENCED TO DEATH.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
WITH ME?
MR. DUNN,
I'D LIKE YOU
TO COME WORK FOR US.
I COMMAND A SMALL
ELITE UNIT...
KNOWN AS
BLACK SHEEP.
LIKE YOU,
MANY OF MY MEN
ARE EX-CONVICTS.
TAKE THE CAPTAIN
HERE.
WHEN I FOUND HIM,
HE WAS AWAITING
SENTENCING
IN AN IRAQI PRISON
FOR RAPING
A 15-YEAR-OLD GIRL.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
THEY DON'T HAVE SHEEP
IN THE MIDDLE EAST?
BEFORE YOU
GO GETTING
ON HIS BAD SIDE,
YOU SHOULD KNOW
THE CAPTAIN'S ONE
OF THE BEST ASSAULT
TROOPS I EVER HAD.
NO PROBLEM,
SIR.
NOW, MR. DUNN,
YOU LISTEN HERE.
NO. YOULISTEN HERE.
I'M NOT INTERESTED IN JOINING
ANYBODY'S GOON SQUAD,
SO YOU AND GEORGE FOREHEAD
OVER HERE CAN JUST STEP OFF.
LET'S CUT
THE BULLSHIT.
YOU'RE BEING
TRANSFERRED
TO DEATH ROW TODAY.
IN 30 DAYS,
YOU WILL BE
EXECUTED.
NOW, IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO BE THAT WAY.
A MAN OF YOUR
MILITARY BACKGROUND
AND EXPERIENCE
AND THE FACT
THAT YOU HAVE NO
CURRENT AFFILIATION
WITH ANY BRANCH
OF THE GOVERNMENT
MAKES YOU
AN IDEAL CANDIDATE.
I CAN APPRECIATE
YOUR CONCERN
FOR THE KIND
OF WORK WE DO,
BUT AS YOU KNOW,
TERRORISM
AGAINST THE CITIZENS
OF THE UNITED STATES
IS AT AN ALL-TIME
HIGH.
WE'VE BEEN
CALLED UPON
BY OUR GOVERNMENT
TO SEND A MESSAGE,
AND I CAN GUARANTEE
YOU THAT ALL
OF OUR TARGETS
ARE THREATS
TO OUR NATIONAL
SECURITY.
SO, MR. DUNN,
THE CHOICE IS
UP TO YOU.
YOU LIKE
SOME TIME TO THINK
ABOUT THIS?
YEAH.
TIME'S UP.
YOU IN OR OUT?
I'M IN.
SERGEANT DUNN,
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I'M SERGEANT PEYTON.
GLAD YOU COULD JOIN US.
DETAIL, ATTENTION!
WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN
A GREEN LIGHT, PEOPLE.
WE ARE A GO MISSION.
AT EASE.
TAKE YOUR SEATS.
Casey: GENTLEMEN...
WHAT'S UNDERNEATH...
IS A HIDEOUS SCAR.
I SELDOM REMOVE THE COVER
FOR IT PAINS ME
TO SEE AND REMEMBER
THAT ANYTHING COULD HAVE
PIERCED THIS PERFECT BODY.
YOU GENTLEMEN
UNDERSTAND ME WELL.
WE, EACH OF US,
HAVE OUR UNSIGHTLY WOUNDS...
BUT TOGETHER, FEAR NOT...
WE SHALL PROVE INVINCIBLE.
NOW, GENTLEMEN,
THESE EXTRACTION PACKETS
THAT ARE BEING HANDED OUT
ARE TO BE USED
ONLY IN DIRE EMERGENCY
WHEN ALL ELSE HAS FAILED.
OPEN YOUR POWERBOOKS.
OUR MISSION
HAS BEEN DESIGNATED
"OPERATION WRATH."
OUR TARGET IS DONALD BICKHART,
OCCUPATION: INDUSTRIALIST.
MR. BICKHART HAS BEEN
SELLING BIOTECHNOLOGY
ON THE BLACK MARKET
IN VIOLATION OF UNITED NATIONS
REFERENDUM 071256.
HE IS TARGETED
FOR TERMINATION.
10:45 A.M...
MR. BICKHART WILL BE ESCORTED
BY THE FIRST LADY
TO A DEDICATION CEREMONY
OF THE BICKHART WING...
OF THE LOS ANGELES
VETERANS HOSPITAL.
WHEN THE MOTORCADE ARRIVES,
THE FIRST LADY WILL EXIT FIRST,
FOLLOWED BY BICKHART.
TRAVEL TIME FROM L.A.X.
TO VETERANS HOSPITAL
THAT PRECISE HOUR...
WILL BE
APPROXIMATELY 25 MINUTES.
ALPHA TEAM...
YOU WILL TAKE POSITIONS
ON ROOFTOP OF BUILDING "A."
ALPHA TEAM
IS IN POSITION.
OMEGA, YOU WILL TAKE
POSITIONS ON THE ROOFTOP
OF BUILDING "B."
OUR OPERATIVES
IN THE SECRET SERVICE
WILL PROVIDE YOU
THE NECESSARY ACCESS.
WE WILL RETRIEVE YOU.
MR. DUNN...
YOU WILL HAVE
THE KILL SHOT.
HERE'S YOUR AMMO.
THIS IS
BALLISTIC H20.
IT'S AN ICE
PROJECTILE
WITH A VELOCITY
OF 3,000 FEET
PER SECOND
AND AN ACCURACY
OF UP TO 500 YARDS.
NO EXIT WOUND--
THE BULLET'S
GOING TO MELT
INSIDE THE TARGET.
ICE PROJECTILES...
WHAT'LL THESE PEOPLE
THINK OF NEXT?
FRUITY FLAVORS?
Dunn: OMEGA IN POSITION.
Man: GOOD AFTERNOON.
IT'S ANOTHER GORGEOUS
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA DAY HERE
FOR THE OFFICIAL DEDICATION
OF THE BICKHART WING,
A NEWLY CONSTRUCTED
$100 MILLION FACILITY
FUNDED BY PHARMACEUTICAL
GIANT DONALD BICKHART
OF BICKHART INDUSTRIES.
THIS FACILITY WILL SERVE
AS PERMANENT RESIDENCE
FOR SOME 1,000
DISABLED WAR VETERANS.
THIS HAS BEEN A PET PROJECT
OF THE FIRST LADY,
WHO IS CURRENTLY THE NATION'S
MOST OUTSPOKEN ADVOCATE
FOR VETERANS' RIGHTS.
AND HERE SHE IS.
THE MOTORCADE IS JUST ARRIVING.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Dunn: SHOWTIME.
Captain: OMEGA, WAIT
TILL TARGET IS IN THE CLEAR.
Dunn: THIS IS OMEGA.
THE TARGET IS LOCKED.
[GUNSHOT]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
NO. NO. NO!
SHIT!
ALPHA, THIS IS OMEGA.
THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!
SOMEBODY MISSED THE MARK.
THE FIRST LADY'S BEEN HIT.
I REPEAT,
OMEGA,
THIS IS CASEY.
GO TO YOUR
EXTRACTION POINT.
EXIT THE BUILDING NOW!
I'LL HAVE TO
TAKE THAT.
OH, I'M SORRY, SIR.
IS THERE ANY WAY
I CAN GET IT BACK?
DON'T WORRY.
IT'LL BE RETURNED,
DR. CONSTANTINI.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
Man: SIR?
YEAH?
THE FIRST LADY
HAS JUST BEEN SHOT.
IS SHE ALIVE?
NO.
THE N.S.C. HAS BEEN
CALLED FOR 1:30.
THEY WANT US
IN THE SITUATIONS
ROOM NOW.
FIRST LADY...
WOW.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
[RINGING GETTING LOUDER]
[TELEPHONE CONTINUES RINGING]
HELLO.
Captain:
ARE YOU DAMAGED?
WHO IS THIS?
ARE YOU HURT?
NO. I WANT
TO TALK TO CASEY.
HAVE YOU SPOKEN
TO ANYONE?
NO. LOOK, I WANT TO
TALK TO CASEY NOW.
RELAX, SERGEANT.
WE'RE GOING TO
BRING YOU HOME.
THERE'LL BE A CAR
OUTSIDE YOUR HOTEL
IN EXACTLY 60 SECONDS.
THEY WILL BLOW
THE HORN TWICE.
YOU WILL COME
DOWNSTAIRS.
[HANGS UP]
[HORN HONKS TWICE]
[GUNSHOT]
FUCK!
WE HAVE
RELIABLE INFORMATION
THAT OUR SUSPECT'S
ON THE SEVENTH FLOOR
IN ROOM 712.
TAYLOR, YOU WILL
LEAD BLUE TEAM.
JOHNSON,
YOU WILL LEAD RED TEAM.
I WANT BLUE TEAM
TO MAKE ITS WAY UP
TO THE SEVENTH FLOOR,
SET UP ON THE DOOR,
AND MAKE ENTRY.
RED TEAM WILL BACK UP
BLUE TEAM AND SECURE
THE REST OF THE FLOOR.
LET THE SUSPECT'S ACTIONS
DICTATE YOURS,
BUT REMEMBER,
HE'S KILLED ONCE TODAY ALREADY.
GO! GO! GO! GO!
AAH!
SON OF A BITCH.
HE'S BELOW US!
10 DAVID.
OUR BOY'S GONE THROUGH
A PAIR OF DOUBLE DOORS
ON THE SECOND FLOOR.
THAT'S 10 DAVID, ROGER.
THIS DUMB SHIT
JUST SEALED HIMSELF IN.
HE'S IN THE CAFETERIA.
ACCORDING TO THE BLUEPRINTS,
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY IN
AND ONE WAY OUT.
HE'S ALL YOURS,
GENTLEMEN.
ROGER THAT.
SMOKE!
[COUGHING]
AAH!
SWAT team leader: ZIEGLER!
TEAM TWO, MOVE IT!
FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!
TEAM 3, COME IN!
GODDAMN IT!
WE GOT A MAN DOWN IN THERE.
WE NEED BACKUP!
WE COPY. BACKUP
IS ON THE WAY!
HOLD YOUR
POSITION
AND WAIT
FOR BACKUP!
Casey: OMEGA 3,
ARE YOU IN POSITION?
YES, SIR.
IF THEY BRING HIM
OUT ALIVE,
TAKE HIM.
AFFIRMATIVE.
FLASH BANG IT THIS TIME
BEFORE ENTRY, GENTLEMEN.
SMOKE!
[GROANING]
HEY, WE'VE GOT
A LIVE ONE HERE.
BASE, DO YOU COPY?
WE'RE SENDING ONE DOWN.
COPY THAT. ALL RIGHT,
LET'S GET A PARAMEDIC!
COME ON, LET'S MOVE IT!
LET'S HAUL HIM OUT!
COME ON,
GET HIM OUT.
LET'S GO!
LET'S EVICT
THIS SON OF A BITCH OUT!
COME ON! COME ON!
CLEAR IT! CLEAR IT! CLEAR!
AH, CHRIST!
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
WHAT? CAN YOU
REPEAT THAT?
SWAT leader:
HE'S GONE! HE'S WEARING
McCARTHY'S UNIFORM!
Casey: DUNN IS ON THE STREET.
HE'S WEARING A SWAT UNIFORM.
I GOT HIM.
I LOST HIM!
Casey: EXIT THAT POSITION.
HERE'S THE LATEST
POLICE COMPOSITE SKETCH.
RUN IT.
CHARLIE'S
ALREADY ON IT.
Woman: I GOT ONE.
HEY.
JAMES ANTHONY DUNN,
FORMER MARINE
GUNNERY SERGEANT,
PERSIAN GULF.
IS HE OURS?
A FOOT SOLDIER.
CONVICTED OF KILLING
HIS COMMANDING OFFICER
DURING DESERT STORM.
COURT-MARTIALED,
SENTENCED TO DEATH.
ESCAPED 5 DAYS AGO
WHILE BEING TRANSFERRED
TO LEAVENWORTH.
WHAT TIME DID
THE INCIDENT HAPPEN?
UH, 10:32.
AND WHEN WAS
THIS SKETCH
RELEASED?
10:48.
SOMEBODY OUT THERE
IS DRAWING PRETTY
FAST.
Newscaster:
THE LOS ANGELES POLICE
DEPARTMENT HAS JUST RELEASED
THIS COMPOSITE SKETCH
OF THE SUSPECTED ASSASSIN.
SOURCES...
AT VETERANS HOSPITAL,
THE ATMOSPHERE...
UTTER DISBELIEF.
IT APPEARS NO ONE
EXCEPT THE FIRST LADY
HAS BEEN WOUNDED.
WITH ME HERE
IS VICTORIA CONSTANTINI,
A DOCTOR HERE
AT VETERANS HOSPITAL
AND AN EYEWITNESS
TO THE SHOOTING.
CAN YOU TELL US WHAT YOU SAW,
DR. CONSTANTINI?
I WAS VIDEOTAPING
THE FIRST LADY'S
ARRIVAL
WHEN I HEARD A SHOT
COME FROM BEHIND ME,
SO I TURNED AROUND,
AND I THOUGHT I SAW
A MAN ON THAT ROOF,
BUT EVERYONE
WAS STARING
AT THE OTHER ROOF.
AND I DON'T KNOW,
IN ALL THE
CONFUSION,
I MIGHT HAVE
MADE A MISTAKE,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT I SAW A MAN
ON THAT ROOF.
WE COULD BE TALKING
ABOUT MULTIPLE SHOOTERS.
CHIEF!
A BARTENDER SWEARS
OUR JOHN DOE IS IN HIS PLACE
AT SIXTH AND MAIN.
SIXTH AND MAIN,
PEOPLE, LET'S MOVE!
[POLICE YELLING]
I THINK WE HAVE
A PROBLEM, SERGEANT.
MAYBE THAT'S
ALL SHE GOT.
NO. THERE.
THERE...
SHE CHANGED THE TAPES
BEFORE YOU GOT TO HER.
SON OF A BITCH.
FUCK!
Police chief:
I HAVE A BRIEF STATEMENT TO MAKE
WHICH WILL HOPEFULLY ANSWER
ALL OF YOUR QUESTIONS.
WE ARE ASKING
ALL SHOPKEEPERS
OF ESTABLISHMENTS
IN THE IMMEDIATE VICINITY
OF THE SHOOTING
TO EXAMINE
THEIR SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS
FOR POSSIBLE
SIGHTINGS OF THE SUSPECT
PRIOR TO THE SHOOTING.
WE ARE ALSO ASKING
ALL PRIVATE CITIZENS
WHO MAY HAVE TAPED THE EVENT
TO ALLOW US TO EXAMINE
THOSE TAPES.
SIMPLY CALL
YOUR F.B.I. MAIN NUMBER,
AND SOMEONE WILL COME OUT
AND RETRIEVE THE MATERIALS.
YEAH, RIGHT.
YOU MEAN COME OUT
AND KILL YOUR ASS.
YOU KNOW EVERYBODY
WHO WITNESSED THE KENNEDY
ASSASSINATION IS DEAD.
IF I HAD A TAPE,
I'D BURN IT.
Newscaster:
...NUMEROUS FEDERAL AGENTS
ALREADY JOINING THIS MANHUNT.
SOURCES TELL US
THE MILITARY WILL SOON BE
TAKING OVER THE INVESTIGATION.
P.A.: PAGING DR. SLOAN...
DR. HARRY SLOAN,
PLEASE CALL THE OPERATOR.
P.A.: PEDS RESIDENT ON-CALL,
PLEASE CALL THE PREEMIE NURSERY,
EXTENSION 2020...
FUCK IT.
SHIT.
Operator:
CITY AND LISTING.
LOS ANGELES F.B.I.,
PLEASE.
THE NUMBER
YOU REQUESTED
IS AREA CODE 310
264-45--
P.A.: PAGING DR. SHAWN THOMPSON.
PAGING DR. SHAWN THOMPSON.
Dunn: DAMN!
P.A.: PAGING
DR. BHAGAVAD NAHAVARATA.
PAGING DR. BHAGAVAD NAHAVARATA.
SHIT!
P.A.: PAGING DR. GORDY,
DR. JAY GORDY.
THANK YOU!
OH! UH...UH...
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE IN HERE.
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH, I'M OK.
I HAVE THOSE
QUESTIONNAIRES
THE BOYS
FROM THE 82nd
FILLED OUT.
JUST FILE THEM.
MAYBE SOMEONE WILL DO
A FOLLOW-UP SOMEDAY.
OK.
THANKS.
THIS IS A COMPOSITE
SKETCH OF OUR SUSPECT.
HE'S ARMED
AND EXTREMELY DANGEROUS.
IF YOU SEE ANYONE
EVEN SLIGHTLY RESEMBLING HIM,
YOU SHOULD CALL THE POLICE
OR SECURITY IMMEDIATELY.
Orderly: YOU GUYS
GOT ANY LAUNDRY
FOR THE BASEMENT?
Orderly:
HOLD THAT ELEVATOR!
THANKS.
MM-HMM.
ADMINISTRATION'S
ON THE MAIN FLOOR, RIGHT?
YEAH.
[SIRENS]
COMMANDER GOLDSTINE?
COMMANDER GOLDSTEIN.
I'M GENERAL
ADAM WOODWARD,
UNITED STATES ARMY
82nd DIVISION,
HERE BY ORDER
OF THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES.
WE'RE EXPECTING YOU.
WE GOT OFFICE SPACE
FOR YOU DOWNSTAIRS.
HOW ABOUT THESE?
GENERAL, THESE
ARE MY OFFICES.
CAPTAIN, HAVE
THE MEN SET UP HERE.
YES, SIR.
LIEUTENANT SCRUGGS!
Scruggs:
YES, SIR.
YOU KNOW
THE DRILL.
COMMANDER GOLDSTINE.
ALL RIGHT,
PEOPLE.
YOU HEARD
THE GENERAL.
HOP TO IT!
I WANT CHECKPOINTS
AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE.
SET THEM AT 5-MILE INTERVALS
THROUGHOUT THE CITY.
YOUR CHOPPER FLEET
WILL BE UNDER MY COMMAND
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY.
ALL EYEWITNESSES,
ANYONE ELSE COMES FORWARD,
IS TO BE INTERVIEWED BY MY TEAM.
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?
SURE. WE'LL
PASS THAT DOWN.
WHAT ABOUT
THE PRESS?
UP TO ME,
I'D HANG THEM ALL.
YOU WILL HANDLE
THE PRESS.
RIGHT.
OH!
DON'T MAKE
A SOUND.
DO EXACTLY
WHAT I SAY.
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND?
MM-HMM.
OPEN THE DOOR.
LET'S GO INSIDE.
HURRY UP.
YOU LIVE ALONE?
NO. I--I HAVE
A BOYFRIEND.
HE'S A COP.
YOU DON'T HAVE
A BOYFRIEND.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
THERE'S 5 EMPTY
BUCKETS OF HAAGEN-DAZS
IN YOUR TRASH,
YOUR LEGS ARE STUBBLY,
AND YOUR HAIR COLOR
NEEDS A TOUCH-UP.
I SAW YOU.
YOU WERE THERE.
ALL I WANT
IS THE TAPE.
YEAH. TAPE. YES.
IT--IT'S IN MY PURSE.
OK.
YOU BASTARD!
WHAT THE FUCK
IS WRONG WITH YOU?
SHIT.
NEXT TIME, TRY
READING THE LABEL.
GIVE ME
THE GODDAMN TAPE.
I'M TIRED
OF FUCKING AROUND
WITH YOU.
THERE! RIGHT THERE.
YOU SEE THAT MAN?
THAT'S THE SHOOTER.
TV: ...INFORMATION
ON THE FIRST LADY'S
ASSASSINATION.
NEW INFORMATION TONIGHT
ABOUT THE SUSPECT
KNOWN UP TO THIS POINT
ONLY AS JOHN DOE.
POLICE HAVE NOW
IDENTIFIED THE SUSPECTED
ASSAILANT
AS JAMES ANTHONY DUNN.
HE IS AN ESCAPED
CONVICT.
POLICE SAY THEY HAVE
FOUND DUNN'S PRINTS
ON THE MURDER WEAPON.
[TURNS OFF TV]
LOOK...I WAS
IN PRISON.
LET ME GUESS--
FOR MURDER?
WHAT, DO YOU THINK
THIS IS FUNNY?
NO.
YOU THINK THIS
IS A JOKE?
NO! I'M JUST
SCARED, OK?
I'M JUST SCARED.
LET'S JUST GET YOU
SOME WATER OR SOMETHING,
ALL RIGHT?
COME ON.
DAMN, THAT
LOOKS GOOD.
YOU KNOW, I HAVEN'T
HAD A PIECE IN 5 YEARS.
GOT TO HAVE A TASTE.
MMM.
GOD, THIS IS GOOD.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED
WHAT YOU MISS WHEN
YOU'RE LOCKED UP.
[SNIFFING]
WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
IT'S AMMONIUM NITRATE.
WHERE IS YOUR DOG?
I DON'T HAVE
A DOG.
COME ON. WE GOT TO
GET OUT OF HERE.
COME ON, GODDAMN IT.
MOVE IT!
GOD!
OH, MY GOD.
Woodward: SCRUGGS.
SIR?
I WANT YOU TO ISSUE A MEMO
TO ALL NEWS STATIONS
REMINDING THEM THERE'S
A GAG ORDER ON THE MEDIA,
AND IF THAT TAPE SHOWS,
I WISH TO BE FIRST
TO SEE IT.
YES, SIR.
WHY ARE THEY
TRYING TO KILL ME?
THEY'RE JUST TYING UP
LOOSE ENDS.
THEY MUST HAVE
SEEN YOU ON TV.
WHY ARE YOU STOPPING?
THERE'S A ROADBLOCK
UP AHEAD.
TURN AROUND.
I CAN'T.
SHIT.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU NEVER SAW ME.
I NEVER SAW YOU.
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
GOOD EVENING, MA'AM.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR
THIS MAN.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM?
NO...
YES. HE WAS JUST IN MY CAR.
HE TRIED TO KIDNAP ME.
HE JUST GOT OUT
OVER THERE.
DUNN WAS JUST IN
THIS LADY'S CAR!
[POLICE WHISTLES BLOWING]
SERGEANT,
RUN THOSE PLATES.
NEVER SAW ME,
HUH? DRIVE.
PATROL 1 AND 2,
COME IN.
THIS IS
PATROL 1. OVER.
PATROL 2.
GO AHEAD, COMMAND.
SUSPECT HAS BEEN SPOTTED
AT CHECKPOINT 1.
SUSPECT VEHICLE
IS A CHAMPAGNE-COLORED VOLVO,
CALIFORNIA LICENSE PLATE
2-SIERRA-ALPHA-MIKE-5-6-4.
Dunn: ALL RIGHT.
SLOW DOWN.
TURN OFF YOUR LIGHTS.
STOP.
[SIRENS]
OK.
JUST GO STRAIGHT.
FOLLOW THE RIVERBED.
SIR, THE CAR BELONGS TO
A VICTORIA CONSTANTINI.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
SHE'S SUPPOSED
TO BE DEAD.
SUPPOSED TO BE
DEAD?
YES, SIR.
YOUR ORDERS ARE
GET THAT VIDEOTAPE.
I COULDN'T FIND THE TAPE,
SIR, SO I THOUGHT THAT I--
OH, YOU THOUGHT?
YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO THINK,
SERGEANT PEYTON.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO FOLLOW ORDERS,
AND BECAUSE YOU DID NOT,
AN INNOCENT CIVILIAN
MAY BE DEAD.
WE'RE NOT KILLERS,
MR. PEYTON.
WE ARE SOLDIERS.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
YES, SIR.
THE ONLY TIME
YOU WILL KILL
IS IF GIVEN
AN ORDER TO KILL.
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?
YES, SIR.
SIR? GENERAL, SIR.
WE HAVE A WITNESS
DOWNSTAIRS
THAT REFUSES
TO SIGN A STATEMENT.
WHAT DO WE
DO WITH HIM, SIR?
KILL HIM.
HA HA HA!
PATROL 1 AND 2,
WHAT'S YOUR STATUS?
Patrol 1: NEGATIVE.
Patrol 2: NOTHING, SIR.
YOU HAVE HIM
BOXED IN.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
A VISUAL.
CAPTAIN BRADDOCK, HOW'S
THE FISHING IN L.A. RIVER
THIS TIME OF YEAR?
Braddock:
I UNDERSTAND,
GENERAL.
MARINES TRAIN
THEIR TROOPS WELL, CAPTAIN.
CHOPPER 1,
DRAG THE RIVERBED.
Dunn: TURN OFF
THE LIGHTS.
WAIT HERE.
Constantini: ASSHOLE.
SHIT.
[RINGING]
911. MAY I HELP YOU?
HELLO. THERE'S A--
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU DOING?
GIVE ME THAT!
[HANGS UP TELEPHONE]
JUST DON'T KILL ME.
HAVE I HURT YOU?
NO, BUT YOU BRING ME OUT
IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
IN THE MIDDLE--
I SAVED YOUR LIFE,
GODDAMN IT!
NOW I'M SICK OF
THIS SHIT.
GET OUT. COME ON.
GET OUT.
GET OUT!
YOU WANT TO DO THIS
BY YOURSELF? GO.
GO!
I'M SURE THEY'LL USE
A SMALLER BOMB NEXT TIME.
[DOOR OPENS]
THOUGHT SO.
Peyton: GENERAL, SIR,
THEY SEARCHED THE RIVERBED,
AND THEY FOUND
SOME TIRE MARKS.
THEY DID NOT RECOVER
A VEHICLE, SIR.
I'LL SET UP
A PERIMETER,
START A DOOR-TO-DOOR
SEARCH, SIR.
WAKE UP ALL THOSE
NICE PEOPLE?
I HAVE A BETTER WAY
TO FLUSH HIM OUT.
YOU CAN CALL OUR FRIEND,
TELL HIM I'M ABOUT
TO COME OVER.
Constantini:
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
IT'S AN OLD MARINE BASE.
DID MY SNIPER
TRAINING HERE.
IT WAS CLOSED DOWN
AFTER THE BUDGET CUTS.
LET ME HAVE THAT.
STAND OVER THERE.
THIS PLACE
IS FILTHY.
ARE THERE ANY RATS
IN HERE?
I SURE HOPE SO.
WE MIGHT
GET HUNGRY.
WHERE'S YOUR
TELEPHONE?
IT'S IN MY BAG.
I'LL GET IT.
WOULDN'T WANT YOU
TO HAVE ANOTHER
CHARLIE'S ANGELS
FLASHBACK.
IT WAS A GIFT
FROM MY MOTHER.
SHE THINKS
EVERY PSYCHO IN L.A.
IS COMING AFTER ME.
WHO KNEW?
LET ME KNOW WHEN
30 SECONDS PASS.
[RINGING]
YOUR PRIVATE LINE.
YEAH.
RACKMILL.
THIS IS OMEGA.
THIS IS DEPUTY DIRECTOR
RACKMILL OF THE C.I.A.,
AND I'M NOT LAUGHING,
FUNNYMAN.
WHO IS THIS?
C.I.A.?
20 SECONDS.
WHERE DID YOU
GET THIS NUMBER?
LOOK...
THEY SAID IT WAS
A GOVERNMENT-
SANCTIONED HIT.
JAMES DUNN.
YOU'RE IN DEEP
TROUBLE, MR. DUNN.
Dunn: THE FIRST LADY
WAS NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE THE TARGET.
10 SECONDS.I'M GONE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU SAY YOU DIDN'T
KILL THE FIRST LADY.
WE DIDN'T KILL HER, EITHER.
HOW'D YOU GET
MY PRIVATE NUMBER
AND MY ACCESS CODE?
MY C.O. CASEY.
UNIT WAS
BLACK SHEEP.
5 SECONDS.
Rackmill: TELL ME,
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'D LIKE TO HELP YOU,
BUT I CAN'T HELP YOU
IF I CAN'T FIND YOU.
TIME.
I'LL FIND YOU.
[DIAL TONE]
DID YOU GET IT?
HE HUNG UP
JUST UNDER THE WIRE.
SO, WHAT DID YOU
FIND OUT?
I'M NOT SURE.
Rackmill: CHARLIE,
RUN JAMES DUNN
THROUGH INTEL.
WHAT BRANCH?
C.I.A.
WHAT?
DO IT.
WHAT ABOUT THAT
BLACK SHEEP
BULLSHIT?
WHAT IS THIS,
KUNG PAO CHICKEN?
YEP. WANT SOME?
A LITTLE LATER.
IT'S NOT EXACTLY
BULLSHIT.
BLACK SHEEP WAS
A COVERT STRIKE TEAM
THAT WE USED TO RUN
IN THE SEVENTIES UNTIL
CONGRESS SHUT US DOWN IN '81.
Charlie: WHOA!
WHAT?
BLACK SHEEP'S
BEEN REACTIVATED.
OR SOMEONE WANTS
TO MAKE IT LOOK THAT WAY.
WHO'S RUNNING IT?
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
GRANT CASEY, COVERT OPS.
DIED IN VIETNAM
30 YEARS AGO.
WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON?
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
BEEN FRAMED BEFORE?
FRAMED?
DO THE MATH, SON.
A FORMER MARINE SNIPER
ASSASSINATES
THE FIRST LADY
OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA.
15 MINUTES LATER,
THEY'VE I.D.'d
THE SHOOTER.
15 MINUTES AFTER THAT,
THEY'VE GOT HIM TRAPPED
IN A BUILDING.
24 HOURS LATER,
HE CALLS US HERE--
BACK DOOR, NO LESS--
CLAIMING TO BE A MEMBER
OF ONE OF OUR UNITS THAT
DOESN'T EXIST ANYMORE,
WONDERING WHY
HE'S NOT A HERO.
THIS GUY'S BEEN SET UP...
AND SO HAVE WE.
WHO DO YOU
THINK IT IS?
SOMEBODY VERY SMART.
OH, THAT'S ENOUGH
FOR TODAY.
CHOP-CHOP.
GOOD NIGHT, NIKI.
YOU WANT TO SEE ME?
DON'T EVEN OFFER
A MAN A DRINK?
WHERE'S YOUR SENSE
OF HOSPITALITY,
MR. BICKHART?
WHAT'S YOUR
PLEASURE?
JOHNNIE WALKER,
IF YOU HAVE IT.
GET HER THE HELL
OUT OF HERE!
OUT OF THE POOL NOW!
THIS WASN'T
THE PLAN, GENERAL.
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
THE MANHUNT'S BEEN
HANDED OVER TO ME.
I WILL APPREHEND HIM
WITHIN 48 HOURS.
I'M JUST WORRIED
THAT, UH,
SOMEBODY ELSE IS GOING TO
GET TO HIM FIRST--
THE F.B.I.,
THE POLICE.
WHAT IF HE TALKS?
LET HIM TALK.
EVERYTHING HE
THINKS HE KNOWS
LEADS HIM
TO SOMEONE ELSE.
AND THE PRESS?
WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO HAVE THEM
POKING AROUND.
THAT'S HOW WE GOT HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WHAT GOT US HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE
IS THE FACT THAT YOU HELPED
PUT A MAN INTO OFFICE
WHOSE WIFE WAS
A BLEEDING-HEART
LIBERAL.
NOT ONLY THAT,
SON OF A BITCH
IS SO WEAK,
CAN'T EVEN KEEP HER
FROM WEARING THE PANTS
IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
IT DOESN'T BOTHER YOU
AT ALL, DOES IT?
WE KILLED THAT WOMAN.
I AGREE. THERE ARE
SOME CONCERNS.
THERE'S A LOT OF
JOHNNY DO-GOODERS
MIGHT WANT
TO HELP DUNN
IF HE CAN
CONVINCE THEM
OF HIS INNOCENCE.
BUT I HAVE A WAY OF
TAKING CARE OF THAT.
IT'S GOING TO
REQUIRE
A BIT MORE
ACTIVE PARTICIPATION
ON YOUR PART.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WE NEED TO KEEP
THE PUBLIC FOCUSED.
ON WHAT?
MONEY.
A LITTLE BIT MORE
OF YOUR MONEY.
BONNIE ANN HARTFIELD
WAS A FRIEND AND A GREAT
HUMANITARIAN.
WE SHARED MANY
CHARITABLE CAUSES,
NONE MORE WORTHY
THAN THE CARING FOR THE VETERANS
OF THIS COUNTRY.
I WAS WITH THE FIRST LADY
AT THE TIME OF THE SHOOTING,
AND SO I FEEL
A PERSONAL OBLIGATION
TO DO EVERYTHING I CAN
TO BRING HER KILLER TO JUSTICE.
I AM OFFERING
A $10 MILLION REWARD
TO ANY CITIZEN
WHO CAPTURES
OR PROVIDES INFORMATION
LEADING TO THE CAPTURE
OF JAMES DUNN.
[DIALING
TELEPHONE]
[RINGING]
BARNES HERE.
THERE'S ANOTHER SHOOTER,
AND I GOT IT ON TAPE.
WHO IS THIS?
L.A. RESERVOIR,
20 MINUTES.
NO COPS, NO CAMERAS.
ROGER?
WHY IN THE HELL
AREN'T YOU ON YOUR
WAY DOWNTOWN?
YOU GOT TO
GET SOMEONE ELSE
TO COVER FOR ME.
I JUST GOT A CALL
FROM A GUY CLAIMS
THERE'S ANOTHER SHOOTER.
HE'S GOT IT ON TAPE.
GO.
Spencer: THEY YANKED
OUR CLEARANCES,
SEALED OUR FILES,
TOOK AWAY
OUR ACCESS CODES.
SOMEONE IS REALLY
TRYING TO STICK IT
TO US.
THERE ARE RUMORS
FLYING ALL OVER
WASHINGTON.
YEAH, I KNOW.
YOU SEEM AWFULLY
CALM ABOUT IT.
I'M PAID TO BE CALM.
AND BESIDES,
IT CAN BE FUN.
YOU CAN GO YEARS WITHOUT
A GOOD CHESS GAME.
I CAN'T LOOK AT ANOTHER
SATELLITE PHOTO.
LOOK, I HAVE
THE SOLUTION
TO THE PROBLEM.
REALLY?
WE ELIMINATE DUNN
OURSELVES.
NO.
THAT'S OUR FINAL OPTION.
BESIDES, WE NEED HIM TO HELP
FLUSH OUT THE MOLE.
WHAT, YOU THINK
IT'S SOMEONE
ON THE INSIDE?
OH, I KNOW IT IS.
THE ONLY PERSON WHO
COULD KNOW OUR SECRETS
THAT WELL IS A MOLE.
DON'T TURN AROUND.
JUST START WALKING.
RELAX.
IF I WERE
GOING TO KILL YOU,
YOU'D ALREADY
BE DEAD.
I DIDN'T KILL
THE FIRST LADY.
I WAS THERE,
BUT I DIDN'T
PULL THAT TRIGGER.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
THERE WAS ANOTHER
SHOOTER.
WHY WAS SHE
ASSASSINATED?
MURDERED.
THE FIRST LADY'S
POLITICS
MEANS NOTHING.
HER AGENDA
IS SOCIAL.
SHE HAS NO
MILITARY POWERS,
NOR DOES SHE SHAPE
FOREIGN POLICY.
I GOT TO BELIEVE
WHATEVER REASON
SHE WAS KILLED,
IT WAS PERSONAL.
TO WHO?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IF I DON'T
FIND OUT,
IT'S JUST
A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE I WIND UP
LIKE EVERY OTHER
LONE ASSASSIN.
LOOK, YOU COVERED
THE FIRST LADY.
DID SHE HAVE
ANY ENEMIES?
SHE WASN'T EXACTLY
THE MOST POPULAR FIRST LADY,
BUT NOTHING EXTREME.
CAN YOU
THINK OF ANYTHING
IN HER PAST,
SOMETHING THAT
COULD HAVE COME BACK
TO HAUNT HER?
SHE LED A PRETTY
STRAIGHT LIFE.
UP UNTIL THE WHITE HOUSE,
SHE WAS AN ATTORNEY
FOR THE A.C.L.U.
BUT WHAT ABOUT
PROJECTS?
WAS SHE WORKING ON
ANYTHING?
VETERANS' RIGHTS.
THAT WAS HER MAIN FOCUS.
HER BIGGEST FLAW
WAS HER PASSION.
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
I CAN'T THINK
OF ANYTHING RIGHT NOW.
HERE'S THE TAPE,
MR. BARNES.
GET IT ON THE AIR,
AND MAYBE PEOPLE
WILL START
ASKING QUESTIONS.
YOU GOT IT.
HEY, IT'S DUNN!
IT'S JAMES DUNN!
HEY, MAN,
YOU'RE COOKED
FOR $10 MILLION.
IT'S HIM!
OH!
SORRY.
[HORNS HONKING]
IT'S HIM! IT'S THE GUY
WHO SHOT THE FIRST LADY!
GET HIM! GET HIM!
STOP HIM!
$10 MILLION MAN!
Woman: THEY'LL RUN
FOR $10 MILLION.
STOP HIM!
[HORNS HONKING]
AAH!
LOOK OUT!
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[PEOPLE SHOUTING]
WHAT ARE YOU,
SOMEBODY FAMOUS?
YEAH, YOU COULD
SAY THAT.
PEOPLE TELL ME
I LOOK A LOT LIKE
DENZEL WASHINGTON.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
ROGER, I MET HIM.
I MET HIM
FACE-TO-FACE.
Woodward: WHO IS IT
YOU MET, SON?
ELVIS. WHO THE HELL
ARE YOU?
WHO THE HELL AM I?
WHY, I'M GODDAMN
GENERAL WOODWARD,
THAT'S WHO THE HELL
I AM.
I'M HEADING
THIS INVESTIGATION.
I UNDERSTAND YOU HAVE
SOME EVIDENCE YOU WISH
TO PRESENT TO ME.
IS THAT RIGHT?
WHAT'S THIS
GUY'S STORY?
STEVE, GIVE HIM
THE TAPE.
BULLSHIT.
STEVE, THIS IS
A MATTER OF
NATIONAL SECURITY.
THEY HAVE THE RIGHT
TO SEE EVERYTHING
BEFORE WE VIEW IT.
NOW GIVE THEM THE TAPE.
SON.
WASN'T TOO HARD,
WAS IT?
GENERAL WOODWARD.
Man: SIR, WE HAVE
A SUSPECT IN CUSTODY.
GET MY CHOPPER READY.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THAT, STEVE?
WHAT?
SEEMS ELVIS
LEFT THE BUILDING.
Braddock: MAKE A HOLE,
GENTLEMEN.
ALL RIGHT. GET HIM UP
SO THE GENERAL
CAN SEE HIS FACE.
[DOOR SLIDING OPEN]
FREEZE!
WHOA! DON'T SHOOT.
IT'S ME.
OH, MY GOD. WHAT
HAPPENED TO YOU?
I GOT STUCK IN TRAFFIC.
Scruggs: I'VE ADDED
THE MUZZLE FLASH.
THEN I REVERSED
THE ACTION
TO CREATE A KIND OF
RECOIL, AND--
SCRUGGS, I DO NOT
GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT TECHNOLOGY.
ALL I CARE ABOUT IS
IF YOU CAN DELIVER THIS
WITHIN ONE HOUR COMPLETE.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
YES, SIR.
DO THAT.
OK, THIS MIGHT STING
A LITTLE BIT.
SO WERE YOU REALLY
IN JAIL BEFORE ALL THIS?
YEP.
FOR KILLING SOMEONE?
5 YEARS AGO...
I WAS
A MARINE SPECIALIST
STATIONED IN IRAQ.
I WAS A SNIPER.
I WAS GIVEN
A TARGET PACKAGE.
I WAS TOLD
IT WAS A COURIER.
WHEN THE COURIER
SHOWED UP,
IT WAS
A 10-YEAR-OLD BOY.
I REFUSED THE ORDER.
MY C.O. FREAKED OUT,
PULLED HIS SIDEARM,
PUT IT TO MY HEAD.
ANYWAY, WE WRESTLED,
GUN WENT OFF.
THAT'S HOW
I WOUND UP IN JAIL.
SOUNDS LIKE
SELF-DEFENSE TO ME.
WELL...
HERE WE GO.
Newscaster: IN THIS VIDEO,
YOU SEE JAMES DUNN
FIRING THAT FATAL SHOT
THAT WAS CAPTURED
ON HOME VIDEO BY A SPECTATOR
AT THE EVENT.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
HELLO. BARNES.
Dunn: WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE TAPE?
THE MILITARY--
THEY WERE WAITING
FOR ME.
THEY TOOK IT.
THEY ANALYZED IT.
THEY SAID IT WAS
A PHONY.
YOU GAVE IT TO THEM?
I'M SORRY.
THEY'RE GOING TO KILL US.
THAT TAPE WAS
OUR ONLY CHANCE.
LOOK, WE'LL JUST
HAVE TO FIGURE IT
OUT ON OUR OWN.
OH, GREAT. ALL WE
HAVE TO DO IS SOLVE
A POLITICAL ASSASSINATION.
JUST THINK.
NOW, THEY KILLED HER
AT THE HOSPITAL
FOR A REASON.
WAS THERE ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY
GOING ON THERE?
WELL, IT WASN'T REALLY
OUT OF THE ORDINARY.
WHAT?
THE FIRST LADY
WAS ONLY SUPPOSED
TO STAY FOR ONE DAY,
AND THEN THEY ADDED
ANOTHER ONE TO THE SCHEDULE
TO MEET WITH
A BUNCH OF SOLDIERS.
I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST
A FEEL-GOOD THING AT FIRST,
BUT THEN THEY SAID
THEY WANTED TO VIDEOTAPE.
VIDEOTAPE WHAT?
SOME OF THE GUYS
FROM THE 82nd--
A BUNCH OF SOLDIERS
WITH WEIRD NEUROLOGICAL
DISORDERS:
TREMORS,
NONSPECIFIC PARESTHESIA.
THEY ALL HAD
THE SAME THING?
YEAH.
OK.
Dunn: KEEP YOUR EYE
ON THAT SECURITY GUARD.
Constantini:
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING UP?
IT'S CALLED WESTLAW.
IT'S A LEGAL RESEARCH
DATABASE.
EVERY PUBLISHED LAWSUIT
IS ON-LINE.
WHAT GOOD'S
THAT GOING TO DO?
THE FIRST LADY USED TO BE
A LAWYER WITH THE ACLU.
NOW, THEY TAKE ON
SOME PRETTY HEAVY PEOPLE--
CLASS ACTION,
SHIT LIKE THAT.
QUESTION: WHAT DOES
A LAWYER USE VIDEOTAPE FOR?
UH, DEPOSITIONS?
AND THE FIRST LADY'S
PET PROJECT?
VETERANS' RIGHTS.
WHOA.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
ACCORDING TO THIS,
A SOLDIER NAMED FLEMMING
SUED THE ARMY FOR USING
A VACCINE ON HIM--
AN EXPERIMENTAL VACCINE,
C.R.C.-13.
IT SAYS IT WAS GIVEN
TO EVERY MAN IN HIS UNIT.
WHAT WAS HIS UNIT?
82nd AIRBORNE.
GET THE CAR.
I'LL MEET YOU OUT BACK.
OK.
HEY! I KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
I SEEN YOU ON TV.
YOU'RE THAT GUY.
CAN I HAVE
YOUR AUTOGRAPH?
I NEVER MISS
YOUR SHOW, MAN. BIG FAN.
THANKS, MONTEL.
HI. I'D LIKE
TO SEE THE RECORDS
ON PATIENT
LEE FLEMMING.
I'M SORRY. WE DON'T HAVE
ANY RECORDS ON FILE.
TRY THE NATIONAL DATABASE.
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN
WITH THE 82nd DIVISION.
THAT'S STRANGE.
NO MEDICAL RECORDS
FOR THE 82nd
ARE AVAILABLE.
THANKS. I WANT YOU
TO DO ME A FAVOR.
RUN A PATENT SEARCH
ON A VACCINE--
C.R.C.-13.
CALL ME AT THIS NUMBER
WHEN YOU GET SOMETHING,
OK? THANKS.
DR. CONSTANTINI.
HERE'S THOSE
QUESTIONNAIRES
YOU WANTED.
GREAT.
THANK YOU, RANDY.
YOU LET THE MOST WANTED
MAN IN AMERICA
COME IN HERE
AND USE A COMPUTER,
KNOWING FULL WELL
HIS IDENTITY?
IS THAT RIGHT?!
I'M JUST
A SECURITY GUARD,
MAN.
MAN?
YOU'RE A DISGRACE!
A GODDAMN DISGRACE.
Braddock: HE'S PUTTING
THINGS TOGETHER, SIR.
OF COURSE
HE'S PUTTING
THINGS TOGETHER.
HE'D BE AN IDIOT
NOT TO...
ALL THE HELP
HE'S PROVIDED
WITH.
GET THIS MAN
OUT OF MY SIGHT.
GET HIM OUT OF MY SIGHT!
TRAITOR.
TAKE HIM OUT
AND SHOOT HIM... MAN.
THIS IS WHAT
HE'S GOT, SIR.
WHAT'S THAT
STILL DOING THERE?
WHAT IS IT
DOING IN THERE?!
IT'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE IN THERE.
IT'S SUPPOSED
TO BE GONE!
GODDAMN
INCOMPETENCE!
THIS IS INTERESTING.
FLEMMING NEVER WENT
TO THE PERSIAN GULF.
WHAT?
HE WAS DISCHARGED
BEFORE THE INVASION.
THEN THAT MEANS
WHATEVER THESE SOLDIERS
WERE EXPOSED TO
HAD TO BE STATESIDE.
C.R.C.-13.
RIGHT.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
HELLO.
YEAH.
OK.
THANKS A LOT.
THAT WAS THE HOSPITAL.
I HAD A FRIEND
RUN A PATENT SEARCH
ON C.R.C.-13.
THE PATENT WAS REGISTERED
TO BICKHART PHARMACEUTICALS,
BIOWEAPONS DIVISION.
BICKHART, HUH?
YOU KNOW, IF YOU
SPENT AS MUCH MONEY
ON YOUR SECURITY
AS YOU DO
YOUR CIGARS,
YOU'D LIVE
A LOT LONGER.
THE FACT IS,
YOUR DOGS
ARE UNDERFED.
HALF-POUND OF STEAK,
AND THEY'RE A MAN'S
BEST FRIEND.
YOUR MEN WOULD TAKE
LESS NAPS
IF YOU PUT THEM
ON 8-HOUR SHIFTS
INSTEAD OF 12.
THIS ALARM SYSTEM
IS TOTALLY OUTDATED.
PIECE OF GUM
AND A SCREWDRIVER
IS ALL YOU NEED.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
SEE, NOW, YOU NEED
TO CHECK THAT ATTITUDE,
MR. BICKHART.
DON'T LET THE FACT
THAT I HAVEN'T PUT
A BULLET IN YOUR ASS
GIVE YOU A FALSE
SENSE OF SECURITY.
THE ONLY REASON
YOU STILL BREATHE
GOD'S AIR
IS BECAUSE YOU HAVE
SOME INFORMATION
I NEED.
WHAT IS
COLONEL CASEY'S
REAL NAME?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
NO?
THEN DIE.
WAIT. WAIT. OK.
NAME!
OK.
WHAT IS
HIS NAME?!
WOODWARD...
GENERAL ADAM WOODWARD.
LOOK, I KNOW
WHO KILLED HER.
I'M LISTENING.
IT WAS
GENERAL ADAM WOODWARD.
HE'S WORKING
WITH DONALD BICKHART.
Rackmill: WOODWARD?
THE SAME ONE HEADING
THE INVESTIGATION?
WOODWARD ALLOWED BICKHART
TO TRY AN EXPERIMENTAL
VACCINE ON HIS TROOPS.
IT WAS
SUPPOSED TO PROTECT THEM
FROM VIRAL WARFARE,
ONLY THE VACCINE
WAS CONTAMINATED.
THE TROOPS STARTED DYING.
THE FIRST LADY
WAS GOING TO EXPOSE
THE WHOLE THING.
DO YOU HAVE
THE PROOF?
LOOK, MAN,
YOU SAID YOU'D HELP ME.
YOU GOING TO
BRING ME IN OR WHAT?
YOU WANT MY HELP?
GET THE FILES.
THEN AND ONLY THEN
WILL I BRING YOU IN.
ACCUSATION
WITHOUT CONFIRMATION
IS MEANINGLESS.
ANYTHING THAT DAMAGING,
WOODWARD IS GOING TO
KEEP CLOSE,
SO I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU'RE GOING TO DO IT,
BUT YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO GET NEXT TO HIM.
IS THAT CLEAR, MR. DUNN?
MR. DUNN?
[DUNN HANGS UP TELEPHONE]
SO ARE THEY
GOING TO HELP US?
NO.
WHAT ARE WE
GOING TO DO?
WE'RE GOING TO
SPLIT UP.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK, I APPRECIATE
ALL YOUR HELP,
BUT I GOT TO DO IT
FROM HERE.
NOW, TAKE THIS.
I WANT YOU TO GO BACK
TO THE BUNKER,
TURN ON THE TV,
AND WAIT FOR MY SIGNAL.
WHAT SIGNAL?
YOU'LL KNOW.
WHEN YOU SEE IT, I WANT
YOU TO CALL THAT NUMBER.
SOMEBODY WILL COME
PICK YOU UP.
JAMES, WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
WHAT THEY
TRAINED ME TO DO.
PULL OVER.
LOOK, JAMES...
I HOPE I SEE YOU
AGAIN.
COUNT ON IT.
[ALARM SOUNDING]
[ALARM STOPS]
[SIREN APPROACHING]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T THINK
HE DID IT, MAN.
WHAT YOU MEAN?
THEY GOT FILM
ON THE BOY.
WHAT YOU TALKING
ABOUT, MAN? FILM
DON'T MEAN SHIT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
A NIGGER CAN'T GET
FROM CRENSHAW TO LA BREA
WITHOUT POLICE STOPPING HIM
AT LEAST TWICE.
AND YOU'RE TELLING ME
HE SHOT THE PRESIDENT'S WIFE?
HELL. TELL ME HE SHOT
THE MAYOR OF COMPTON'S WIFE,
AND I'LL BELIEVE YOU.
[LAUGHTER]
WAY IT IS,
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT,
DON'T START NOTHIN'.
AIN'T GONNA BE
NO PROBLEM.
Man: SERGEANT FURY
WAS UPSET, WASN'T HE?
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
KEEP GOING.
SINGLE FILE.
Man: TASK FORCE.
YEAH. THIS IS SERGEANT FURY
DOWN IN LOCKUP.
WE GOT A GUY DOWN HERE
I THINK IS A DEFINITE MATCH.
HE'S DEMANDING
TO SPEAK TO A LAWYER.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO TELL THE GENERAL
TO COME TAKE A LOOK.
WE'LL TELL HIM.
RIGHT.
GENERAL, SIR...
HEY, OFFICER!
HEY, I'M TALKING
TO YOU!
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Woodward: SHOOT HIM!
SHOOT HIM! SHOOT HIM!
SHIT! JAM
THAT THING!
THEY'RE
GOING UP, SIR.
CALL DOWNSTAIRS.
SHUT OFF THE POWER
IN THOSE ELEVATORS.
THIS ENTIRE BUILDING
WILL BE SEALED OFF
IN ONE MINUTE.
YOU JUST DUG
YOUR GRAVE, SON.
YOU DUG YOUR GRAVE.
YEAH, WELL, I WAS
A DEAD MAN WHEN YOU MET ME.
TELL ME SOMETHING,
GENERAL.
HOW DOES A MAN
WHO WEARS THE UNIFORM
OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY
DO WHAT YOU DID
TO THOSE MEN? HUH?
THE PRICE OF FREEDOM
IS HIGH, BOY.
WHAT HAPPENED TO
THOSE SOLDIERS WAS
A NECESSARY EVIL--
FRIENDLY FIRE.
HEAR THEM COMING, SON?
HEAR THEM COMING
FOR YOU?
THEY'RE COMING FOR YOU.
YOU SICK SON OF A BITCH.
I SHOULD BUST A CAP
IN YOUR CHITLIN-EATIN' ASS
RIGHT NOW.
YOU'RE LUCKY I DIDN'T
COME HERE FOR THAT.
I'M GOING TO BURY YOU,
GENERAL.
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING.
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING!
[SPITS]
YOU CAN'T ACCESS
THAT POWERBOOK
WITHOUT THE PROPER KEY.
YOU THINK
I'M AN IMBECILE?
WHERE'S THE KEY,
GENERAL?
IN THE SAFEST PLACE
IN THIS MAN'S UNIVERSE,
AND YOU AIN'T NEVER
GONNA FIND IT, JAR-HEAD.
GIVE ME THE FUCKIN' KEY,
OR I'LL BLOW YOUR GODDAMN BRAINS
ALL OVER THIS ELEVATOR!
GO AHEAD, KILL ME.
YOU GOT THE GUTS?
KILL ME!
PULL THE TRIGGER!
THE KEY DIES
WITH ME, SON!
YOU'RE TRYING
MY PATIENCE, GENERAL.
TELL ME SOMETHING,
GENERAL.
WHY DOES A MAN
SO PROUD OF HIS WOUNDS
HIDE THE SCAR?
SAFEST PLACE
IN GOD'S UNIVERSE, HUH?
I'LL HAVE YOUR HEAD
ON MY TROPHY WALL!
YOU KNOW SOMETHING,
GENERAL?
YOU TALK TOO MUCH.
I WANT THE BLUEPRINTS
FOR THIS BUILDING NOW!
COVER THE STAIRS!
ALL THE FUCKING EXITS!
MOVE IT! MOVE IT!
HE'S HEADED
FOR THE ROOF!
HE WENT
UP THE SHAFT.
GET A CHOPPER
UP THERE!
DON'T SHOOT HIM.
THE SON OF A BITCH
IS MINE.
MAKE A HOLE!
Man: HOLD YOUR FIRE!
HA HA HA! YEAH!
GET YOUR ASS
UP ON THE DECK, DUNN!
SORRY ABOUT THAT KNOT
ON YOUR HEAD, BRADDOCK.
I'M SURE THE SWELLING'S
GOING TO MAKE IT REAL HARD
FOR YOU TO STICK UP
THE GENERAL'S ASS.
FUCK YOU!
Woodward: SHOULD HAVE KILLED ME
WHILE YOU HAD THE CHANCE, DUNN.
PISS-POOR PLANNING
ON YOUR PART.
PISS-POOR.
Dunn: YEAH, WELL,
I'M A MARINE.
WE DON'T PLAN.
WE IMPROVISE.
Braddock: THROW US THE BAG!
BOMB!
AAH!
Pilot on loudspeaker: HE'S HIT.
HE'S DOWN IN THE ALLEY!
MOVE! MOVE! MOVE!
OVER THERE!
UP THERE!
I WANT EVERY SWINGING DICK
DOWN THERE!
PULL THE NOOSE TIGHT
AND DROP HIM LIKE A BAD HABIT.
THIS MAN DIES TONIGHT,
GENTLEMEN.
LET'S GO!
THIS WAY!
Braddock: HA HA!
YOU'RE MINE NOW, BITCH!
Braddock: COME HERE!
COME HERE!
WHERE YOU GOING?
YOU AIN'T GOING
NOWHERE.
HA HA HA! YEAH,
COME HERE, MAN!
THE PAIN, THE PAIN,
THE BEAUTIFUL PAIN!
AAH!
DID THAT HURT?
STOP CRYING
LIKE A FUCKING GIRL!
YOU'RE NOT A WARRIOR, DUNN.
THAT'S WHY WE CHOSE YOU.
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT A FUCKING PANSY!
I'M THE WARRIOR!
NOW YOU'RE
A DICKLESS WARRIOR.
Braddock: GET DUNN.
GET ME OUT OF HERE.
Newscaster:
THERE'S BEEN
A FIERY EXPLOSION
AT DOWNTOWN'S
POLICE PLAZA BUILDING.
UNCONFIRMED REPORTS
PLACE FUGITIVE JAMES DUNN
AT THE SCENE.
POLICE AND ARMY UNITS
ARE APPARENTLY IN PURSUIT
OF THE ALLEGED ASSASSIN.
[SIREN]
HEY!
DO YOU KNOW ME?
[SCREAMING]
GET OUT!
EVERYBODY!
YOU, TOO!
GET OUT OF HERE!
[BUZZER]
YES?
Woman:
HE'S ON THE LINE.
RACKMILL.
I GOT THE FILES.
WHERE ARE YOU?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
LISTEN, THERE'S
ONE WITNESS LEFT.
HER NAME IS
VICTORIA CONSTANTINI.
I WANT YOUR WORD
WHEN SHE CONTACTS YOU,
YOU'LL PROTECT HER.
WE'VE ALREADY
HEARD FROM HER.
I WANT YOUR WORD.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
WHAT ABOUT THE FILES?
THEY BELONG
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NOW.
SON, WHATEVER YOU ARE
THINKING OF DOING,
DON'T DO IT.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT'S AT STAKE HERE.
[DIAL TONE]HELLO? HELLO?
TELL ME YOU GOT HIM.
WE GOT HIM.
I WANT A TEAM
THERE NOW.
OUR CHOPPER'S
ON THE WAY.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
GOT IT.
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
DUNN'S JUST BEEN
SPOTTED DOWNTOWN AT
THE CENTRAL MARKET.
[SIRENS]
FREEZE!
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
THIS IS RACKMILL.
Man: WE'VE GOT HIM, SIR.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD,
VERY GOOD.
KEEP HIM ON ICE.
I'LL GET BACK
TO YOU.
YES, SIR.
LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN,
WE GOT HIM.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
FOR A WONDERFUL
EVENING'S WORK.
GO HOME AND GET
SOME REST.
SPENCER, TAKE A WALK
WITH ME, WILL YOU?
WHAT IS IT?
I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO CALL WOODWARD
AND TELL HIM
I WANT TO BE
HIS NEW PARTNER.
EXCUSE ME?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THAT'S PRETTY GOOD--
THAT INNOCENT
SCHOOLBOY THING.
A LITTLE OVERPLAYED,
MAYBE.
YOUNG, FAIR-HAIRED BOY
WANTS TO LEARN FROM
THE OLD MASTER.
UNDYING LOYALTY.
CLUMSY ENTHUSIASM.
JOHN...
I READ YOUR FILE.
YOU HAVE NEVER
BEEN CLUMSY.
17 ENCRYPTED PHONE CALLS
FROM LOS ANGELES
TO THE PENTAGON,
ALL FROM YOUR OFFICE.
SEE, I STILL HAVE
FRIENDS IN THE AGENCY.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO THAT.
RUIN YOUR
WHOLE LIFE FOR SOME
COWBOY STUNT? NO.
THAT'S BETTER.
NOW, THIS IS
BUSINESS.
YOU HAVE JUST
BEEN TURNED.
I KNOW IT'S HARD,
BUT IT HAPPENS
TO PEOPLE LIKE US
ALL THE TIME,
AND IT'S EMINENTLY
SURVIVABLE.
EVERYTHING
IS THE SAME,
EXCEPT THAT NOW
YOU WORK FOR ME.
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND THAT?
[QUIETLY]
YES.
GOOD.
NOW YOU CAN GO
AND MAKE YOUR
PHONE CALL.
HOW COULD THAT HAPPEN?
SOMEBODY ELSE
GOT HIM.
HE GOT PAST THIS GRID?
HOW THE HELL DID HE
GET PAST THIS GRID?
Braddock:
GENERAL. GENERAL.
IT'S SPENCER.
THE C.I.A. HAS HIM.
GOOD WORK, SPENCER.
Rackmill:
NOT REALLY,
ADAM.
WHO THE HELL IS THIS?
KEN RACKMILL.
HELLO, KEN.
BEEN A LONG TIME.
LET'S GET DOWN
TO NUT CUTTING.
YOU REMEMBER HIROSHIMA?
THAT WAS BIRTHDAY CANDLES
ON A CAKE
COMPARED TO WHAT
WILL HAPPEN
IF WHAT YOU NOW HAVE
IN YOUR POSSESSION
COMES TO LIGHT.
SINCE I KNOW ALL YOUR
DARK SECRETS AS WELL,
MAYBE WE CAN DO
A LITTLE HORSE TRADING.
I'M LISTENING.
NOW, I WANT DUNN.
SO WHAT LITTLE THING
CAN I DO TO PUT A SMILE
ON YOUR FACE?
I UNDERSTAND THERE'S
A SUBSTANTIAL REWARD
FOR THE CAPTURE
OF MR. DUNN--
10 MILLION.
NOW, IT WOULD SEEM
THAT SINCE I HAVE
HIM IN MY CUSTODY,
I SHOULD BE ENTITLED
TO HALF OF THAT.
WE UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER.
I'LL MAKE THE ARRANGEMENTS,
GET BACK TO YOU.
GOOD.
BRADDOCK.
WE'RE ABOUT
TO BE REDEEMED.
Bickhart: $5 MILLION
FOR DUNN AND THE FILES?
WHO DOES
THIS SON OF A BITCH
THINK HE IS
THAT HE CAN
BLACKMAIL US?
CAPTAIN BRADDOCK HAS
GOTTEN HERE BEFORE US.
HE'S TAKEN
A SHOOTER'S POSITION.
ONCE DUNN AND THE FILES
ARE DELIVERED,
BRADDOCK WILL TAKE OUT
RACKMILL.
WELL, THIS ONE HAD
BETTER WORK, GENERAL.
TRY TO KEEP
YOUR PANTIES DRY.
KENNY.
ADAM.
DONALD BICKHART,
KENNY RACKMILL.
AS YOU SEE,
GENTLEMEN,
I'VE LIVED UP
TO MY PART
OF THE BARGAIN.
WHERE ARE THE FILES?
LET ME SEE
THE MONEY.
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO COUNT IT?
I'M SURE
YOU ALREADY HAVE.
WELL...
THEN WE'RE DONE
HERE.
NOT QUITE.
THERE'S ONE LITTLE DETAIL.
WHAT MIGHT THAT BE,
KENNY?
JUST KILLING DUNN
WILL NOT SOLVE YOUR PROBLEMS.
HOW IS THAT?
A PATSY IS NO GOOD
WITHOUT A TRAIL TO SOMEONE.
UH-HUH.
I THINK THE IDEA
THAT SERGEANT DUNN
WAS HIRED BY A RICH
AND POWERFUL PERSON
TO KILL THE FIRST LADY
OF THE UNITED STATES
IN ORDER
TO COVER UP THE FACT
THAT HE WAS USING
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
TO TEST A VIRAL
WEAPONS AGENT
IS A VERY GOOD SCENARIO.
DON'T YOU THINK SO?
WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
Rackmill: THE PRESS WILL
ABSOLUTELY FALL IN LOVE WITH IT,
AND THE FOLKS IN WASHINGTON
ARE GOING TO BUY IT.
GENERAL...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Rackmill: AND, GENERAL,
YOU'RE GOING TO
BE A HERO.
OH, NO...
NO.
NO!
TAKE HIM OUT.
[GUNSHOT]
TAKE YOUR CUT.
GOOD DOING BUSINESS
WITH YOU, GENERAL.
OF COURSE,
WE'RE FAIR MEN.
IF WE'RE GOING TO
COLLECT THE REWARD,
WE'RE GOING TO DELIVER
THE FUGITIVE TO JUSTICE.
ABSOLUTELY.
ALIVE OR DEAD?
IT'D BE A PITY
TO BRING A LIVE
RATTLESNAKE FORTH
AND ENDANGER
THE INNOCENT.
DON'T YOU THINK SO?
LET THE HONOR
BE MINE.
KENNY RACKMILL.
[MUFFLED SHOUTING]
IMPROVISE THIS,
ASSHOLE.
PAYBACK'S A BITCH,
AIN'T IT?
DUNN!
SOMETIMES I PLAN SHIT.
Newscaster: THE FOCUS SHIFTED
TO WASHINGTON, D.C., TODAY
FOR THE FUNERAL
OF GENERAL ADAM WOODWARD.
GENERAL WOODWARD
WAS DECLARED A HERO
AFTER HE WAS KILLED
UNCOVERING THE CONSPIRACY
TO MURDER THE FIRST LADY.
WOODWARD FOUND OUT...
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
OPEN TODAY IN THE CASE
OF BICKHART PHARMACEUTICALS
AND ITS SECRET HUMAN TEST
OF THE VACCINE C.R.C.-13.
THE CASE WAS PUSHED
INTO PUBLIC VIEW
BY DR. VICTORIA CONSTANTINI,
WHOSE TESTIMONY IS CRUCIAL
BECAUSE OF HER EARLY TREATMENT
OF THE MILITARY VETERANS
INVOLVED
IN THE ILLEGAL RESEARCH.
THE DRUG COMPANY'S FOUNDER,
DONALD BICKHART,
COMMITTED SUICIDE
AFTER HE WAS LINKED WITH
ASSASSIN ALAN BRADDOCK
IN THE PLOT TO KILL
THE FIRST LADY.
IN AN IRONIC TWIST TO ALL THIS,
ESCAPED CONVICT JAMES DUNN,
THE APPARENT FALL GUY
OF THE CONSPIRATORS,
WAS RETURNED TO MILITARY PRISON
LAST MONTH.
HIS FINAL APPEAL
WAS RECENTLY DENIED.
HIS LONG DELAYED EXECUTION
WAS CARRIED OUT LAST NIGHT.
I'M CHRISTINE DEVINE.
BACK TO YOU IN THE NEWSROOM.
Man: THANKS,
CHRISTINE...
WOW. YOU KNOW, YOU LOOK
JUST LIKE THAT GUY.